Suggestions for the AS4 integration article (#6736)
apollographql/apollo-server: docs/source/integrations/building-integrations.md

  options?.context ?? defaultContext;
```

Note, the `context` function is _called_ during the [execution step](#execute-the-graphql-request).

### Handle Requests

We recommend implementing your integration package as either a request handler or a framework plugin. Request handlers typically receive information about each request, including standard HTTP parts (i.e., `method`, `headers`, and `body`) and other useful contextual information.

A request handler has 4 main responsibilities:
1. [Parse the request](#parse-the-request)
2. [Construct an `HTTPGraphQLRequest` object](#construct-the-httpgraphqlrequest-object) from the incoming request
3. [Execute the GraphQL request](#execute-the-graphql-request) using Apollo Server
4. Return a well-formed [response to the client](#send-the-response)

#### Parse the request

> Apollo Server responds to a variety of requests, such as HTTP requests (i.e., `GET` and `POST`), APQs, and landing page requests (e.g., Apollo Sandbox). Fortunately, this is all part of Apollo Server's core logic, and it isn't something integration authors need to worry about.

Reviewer: All of these are HTTP requests via GET and POST, so to separate them as their own thing from the rest reads a little funny. I realize that's kind of what I already had here as well.
```suggestion
Apollo Server responds to a variety of requests via both `GET` and `POST` such as standard GraphQL queries, APQs, and landing page requests (e.g., Apollo Sandbox). Fortunately, this is all part of Apollo Server's core logic, and it isn't something integration authors need to worry about.
```

Author: Thank you for the clarification, I like this rephrase!

Integrations _are_ responsible for parsing a request's body and using the values to construct the `HTTPGraphQLRequest` that Apollo Server expects.

> In Apollo Ever 4's Express integration, a user sets up the `body-parser` JSON middleware, which handles parsing JSON request bodies with a `content-type` of `application/json`. Integrations can require a similar middleware (or plugin) for their ecosystem, or they can handle body parsing themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Apollo Server 4's Express integration, a user sets up the `body-parser` JSON middleware, which handles parsing JSON request bodies with a `content-type` of `application/json`. Integrations can require a similar middleware (or plugin) for their ecosystem, or they can handle body parsing themselves.
```

Author: 😳 That one snuck right by me! Thank you!

}
```

Your integration should pass along whatever it parses to Apollo Server; Apollo Server will handle validating the parsed request.

> Apollo Server also accepts GraphQL queries [sent using `POST` or `GET` requests](/apollo-server/v3/requests) with query string parameters. Apollo Server expects a raw query string for these types of HTTP requests.

Reviewer: The query string parameter approach is really just for `GET` requests.
```suggestion
Apollo Server also accepts GraphQL queries [sent using `GET`](/apollo-server/v3/requests) with query string parameters. Apollo Server expects a raw query string for these types of HTTP requests. Apollo Server is indifferent to whether or not the `?` is included at the beginning of your query string. Fragments (starting with `#`) at the end of a URL should not be included.
```

> Apollo Ever 4's Express integration computes the query string using the request's full URL, like so:

Reviewer: Autocorrect? Muscle memory? 😄 
```suggestion
Apollo Server 4's Express integration computes the query string using the request's full URL, like so:
```

}
```

> Apollo Server handles the logic of extracting the HTTP method (i.e., `GET` vs. `POST`), relevant headers, and it knows whether to check the `body` or `search` fields for the GraphQL-specific parts of a query. So, Apollo Server handles your `method`, `body`, and `search` properties for the `HTTPGraphQLRequest`.

Reviewer: Saying that Apollo Server extracts these is wrong, those bits are specifically up to the user to compute and hand off to Apollo Server. What happens after that is the "logic" mentioned above w.r.t. handling the request correctly based on the method provided, headers, etc.

Author: I replaced what was written here with what you originally had.

> Finally, Apollo Server expects the `headers` property to return a `Map` of headers.

Reviewer: Specifically the word `return` here implies that headers is a function that returns a Map, when it is in fact just a Map itself.
```suggestion
Finally, Apollo Server expects the `headers` property to be a `Map` of headers.
```

}
```

> Apollo Server handles the logic of `GET` vs. `POST`, relevant headers, and

Author: I changed the wording here back to what you originally had :)

whether to look in `body` or `search` for the GraphQL-specific parts of the
query. So, we have our `method`, `body`, and `search` properties for the `HTTPGraphQLRequest`.

> Finally, we have to create the `headers` property because Apollo Server expects `headers` to return a `Map`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, we have to create the `headers` property because Apollo Server expects `headers` to be a `Map`.
```

  );
```

The Express implementation uses the `res` object to update the response

> with the appropriate status code and headers, and it sends the body:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the appropriate status code and headers, and finally sends the body:
```
